# Team Enigma
This is our repository for DevHack 2019. <br>

<b> Problem Statement:</b> Public Address System <br>
<b> Category:</b> Social and Communication Hacks <br>
Click <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=75HSm7kmV_c">here</a> for a YouTube video.<br>

<b>Motivation</b> <br>
It is an evident fact that the announcements made in the Indian railway stations are sometimes not intelligible. This may be due to the noise generated by the trains and the passengers. To overcome this situation aided with the technology that 21st century offers, here we present our hack! <br>

<b>Idea</b> <br>
Since the announcements made in some of the technologically equipped stations today are essentially small audio files, we came up with the idea of an interactive server-client program, with the client requesting an audio file from the server to be played on his machine.<br>

<b>Implementation</b> <br>
We have implemented our idea in the form of a website accessible by browsers both on PC and Smartphones. <br>

<b>Architecture</b> <br>
Front-End: This section consists of user-interactive programs wriiten using HTML, PHP, JS, CSS (Bootstrap Library). <br>
Back-End: This section consists the programs that power client-server interaction and audio file streaming, written using C++ and PHP. <br>

<b>Assumptions</b> <br>
1) IP address of the server is known apriori. <br>
2) Only the latest announcement made in the railway station is accesible to the client(s). <br>

<b>Mechanism</b> <br>
Abstraction was done to eliminate the complexities like use of DNS server, authentication and difference of operating networks. <br>
1) The client runs a web application and requests the server for the audio file by clicking on the <i> Announcements </i> link on the website, which is accomplished by a C++ file. <br>
2) Server receives the request and sends the details of the latest audio file to the client; which was previously uploaded on the server by the operator, through a user-interface. <br>
3) The file then gets played by the client machine. <br>

<b>Feasibility</b> <br>
The hack that we have developed can be formalized by incorporating this idea either in an app or a website. This can be further improved upon by including the complexities that we had ignored earlier. In principle, this could typically be implemented as a push-notification system. <br>

<b>Scalability</b> <br>
A mobile application or a website which is well-implemented using these ideas (and our hack!) will possibly be used by millions of passengers who utilize the services of Indian Railways daily.


